                                         5247  -
A girl was sitting in her room packing for a trip 
her family was going to a forest to camp and have a good 
summer there. "Jane are you done packing" he father asked 
"We are leaving soon" he said "Almost done give me a 
second" said Jane. Jane zipped up her bag and ran 
down stairs to join her mother, father, and her dog. "I am 
here" said Jane. "Ok you reddy to go?" asked her Mother 
"Yes" replied Jane, "Ok let's go." said her Mother as they packed 
up the car and got in the car. Jane's father asked "Do 
you know where we are going!" "No, are we staying in 
Mane or going some where else" asked Jane. "No we are 
staying in Mane" said the Mother. They started to 
drive off continueing their conversation. "How far 
are we?" asked Jane. "like 2 and 1/2 hours or so" said 
her dad. "Well then I am going to sleep" said Jane. 
Jane such fell asleep and was a sleep for a 
bit more than a hour and Jane woke up to a 
sound of metal being crunched. Jane shot up wide 
awake she exclaimed "What was that" the car was 
stopped at that point She could hear her dog 
barking next to her. "The car got hit by 
another car," said Jane's mother, "but no one got 
hurt," she said. By this point Jane's dad was off 
of his shock by the car getting hit and got 
out of the car to see exactly what hap[]d. 
Jane could hear her dad talking to other people. 

When her dad finaly went back into the car he informed 
them that the car was hit by antoher car and 
another car hit that car. "But no one is hurt" 
said her dad. "luckley" he added "Wow" exclamed Jane 
that is quite luck" said Jane Now there conversation 
was interrupted by the sound of a ambulence and 
a police car. Janes dad said, "Wait here I will go see 
what this is about." and with that he left the 
car. Jane's father was talking to the police man 
but Jane could not make out the words. "Jane 
play with the dog make Sure he is not hure 
are you ok, Jane?" "Yes I am" Jane said " 
and I will play with the dog? said Jane "ok 
said her mom "I am going to see what is going on" 
as she said that her dad walked in 
he said the ambulence and police car was 
just making sure everyone was ok. 


⎾                       ⏋
 

⎿                       ⏌ 