                                   5241  -
 Hi, I am Josh a regular human. I have 
 my own magic timetraveler. I have 
 to be very very careful using it. 
 I have a pet guinea pig, Jeweles. The thing 
 is She is a a magic guinea pig. She 
 can talk and get into peoples Minds. I 
 was learning about WWII in School, so 
 I thought, why not just time travel 
 back to WWII. I had a big project 
 coming up about WWII So I thought 
 my poster for the project would be 
amazing if I were to go back in time 
to that date. So I did. I brought Jeweles 
 with me. She kept telling me "This is a 
bad idea! We might die or get lost and not 
 be able to come back!" I did not care 
 because I knew we would just go in, 
 look one come right back up to normal 
 time. Jewels said, "Ok, you would be the one 
 to die, not me. I'm small and can 
 run. So then we trim traveled back to 
 1[]42, in Germany. We were in this time 
 travel portal for like ten minutes. I 
 thought we were going to get Stuck in the 
 portal. We were in budapez, Germany. We saw 
 a whole army of Germans. I did not 
 realze I was wearing clothes that the Allies wear. 
                                        5241
 Whom the Germans are against. Sudennly, 
 a plane came into the German territory. 
 It dropped three bombs. The bombs were loud 
 and killed a lot of the germans. The 
 ones alive started shooting their weapons at 
 what looked to be French people. The French 
 killed almost all of the Germans but 
 the remaining retreated. Uh oh, they were 
 running back to where we were standing. 
 "Run!!" Jewels said, "We have to get out 
  of here!" They Spoted us. They fired at one 
  because I was the only one they saw. "We have 
  to time travel out!" Jewels s . "Ok," I 
  say, "ready 3, 2, 1... Ow, I got shot!" 
  "It is fine," Je[]eles said , "Just time travel 
  us back!" "Ok," I said in pain, "3, 2, 1, 
now were out!" "Wow, I have to go 
 to the hospital and get this healed," 
 I said. 5 days later, I was all better 
 and talked to Jeweles, I soe, "You were right. 
 We never should have done that." She 
 said, "Yup, what did I tell you." "That 
 was really cool though." I said, "but I 
 got shot." "What an experience!" ⎾                 ⏋
 

                                  ⎿                 ⏌ 


    






