             Page 1                 - 5222

   There was a girl named Carly she had [] a golden retriever 
    They have been best friends since day one. 
     Carly wasnt the most popular kid in her grade 
      she was made fun of a lot. [] Britney 
the mean girl  said to her "Why arent you smiling?" Carly didnt 
    respond she did'nt want to tell Britney she had 
   braces. The photographer said "say cheese" The photo 
     was the [] soccer team photo. So Carly 
    smiled everyone laughed at her braces. 
      She ran home crying to her dog leo. Leo came 
                          ^ 
   over to comfert her. [] Shegrined the dog said 
    "let me see that smile" so she did sarcasticly. 
     The next day Britney and her gang [] came 
     over to Carly and made fun of her outfit. 
    Carly didnt have the nerve to say anything 
     so she jusl- went into the girl's bathroom 
  and cried. Finally the bell rang "ring" which ment 
     school was over. Carly waited until all of 
           the students left. Carly walked home 
     by herself. She walked in the door and 
     thre was Leo who could tell she was 
      sad. He told her "Stand up to Brtney 
     she is just a stuck [] up teenager" "Just 
     stick up for your self" Carly agreed "OK I'll try." 
    the next day 

  Carly went to school with courage sle though to 
    herself "Britney and her gang have nothing on 
    me" Britney came over and said "Are you 
     from the 80's because your hair looks like you 
                     iern
      used a waffle []" Carly wanted to just 
     punch her but insted the unexpected happed 
     "SHUT UP BRITNEY I AM SICK 
      and Tired of all Your negitive 
       comments and Im sick of it!" 
      The entire school heard her say that 
      Britney [] replied "Whatever" and ran 
       off Carly couldn't beleive what she just 
       did she was so proud of herself. 
        Carly wen home to leo and she told 
       him the news Leo said "I knew you 
        could do it thats my girl" Later that 
         evening Carly got a call. sle answered 
        and it was Britney! She said "Carley 
       Im sorry for being such a jerk to you 
      I get it if you hate me" Carley said "Thanks 
     it's oK thanks for saying sorry" Britney said 
     "Thanks you want to hang out at the mall 
     "ok" Briteny said "Sure" that day they had 
      a blast they are now great friends 
       plus Britrey is a dog person and Leo and 
         her are also best:. friends [] now        

