3115     Bob's life
                I am almost 12.^ MY birthday is in
                                   2 months.
Hello I am Bob. ^ I live a good life
with tempatures as hot as the summer 
in Texas. And by the way I live 
in Alaska. I don't know how but 
school is not as normal as it was 
             I'm the only child in my family.
in Virginia. ^ I miss Virginia. 
School here was alot of homework, 
no recess, and lunch was the same 
everyday which is the worst.
But life is getting better. "Bob were
getting a new child." said Mom. NO.
Where getting a younger sibling. The 
[illustration with caption] one time life goes good it 
[illustration with caption] goes back down to the 
[illustration with caption] worst. Ughh I don't like life.
[illustration with caption] Who knows my sibling could
gonna annoy me like crazy? Or 
can steal all the attention. Ughh this 
is like winter in Alaska. Today is my 
first day in 5th grade. "Look at your 
lovely baby" said Dad. What? I wispered.
I tried to act like I like it but that 
didn't go so well. My best friend Hayden 
moved to Nevada. So I have to make 
friends from scratch."1 new Person 
is coming this year." said Mike. Mike is 
my friend. But me and Hayden have been friends 
3115
for like 10 years. I always thought he 
would stay with me. "Hey guys" said 
the new kid Shyly. "My name is 
Gerrard". Now is lunch, and remember
when I said it was the same lunch 
every day well guess what today 
was cheeseburgers. Yay. It's usally 
corn on the cob. But today Gerrard 
got dissappointed that there was no 
recess. But then 4th grade, 3rd grade, and 
2nd grade all had recess. Mo fair!
The next day we had recess. Yay.It was 
-31◦F."Brrr!" We froze to death. We 
Played too joyfully I never got 
tagged because I'm the fastest 
in the school. So today I was 
BABYSITTING the baby. Why Mom?
"Because were going out to get ice cream
Said MOM."Hey I want ice cream to" 
I yelled. But Mom said no. Bummer.
The baby wasn't that bad until 
she cried becaue I was 
watching a tv show that was 
loud so I muted the volume like a 
sloth. Than He was awesome. Tommorow
everything was awesome. YaY!
