                       - 5219
One day, in a land called Norock, 
 there were two friends. The wizard's 
 daughter, Amelia. And her cat, Phil. This 
 cat was not a normal cat, he could 
 talk. Amelia was a lonely girl because 
 her mother died and her father is 
 very depressed with her death. Phil was 
 her only friend. "Wake up!" said Phil. "You 
 must hurry, or we will be late to breakfast, 
 the only time you see your father." Amelia 
  rolled over and stared at the ceiling. 
 "I refuse to go anywhere until you tell me 
 how mother died," she said. "I can't, for 
 that is a secret that will never be told," 
 replied Phil. She groaned. Phil sighed and 
 said, "Please eat with your father." "I said 
 NO!" Phil was shocked and said, "As your 
 pet, I refuse to be treated that way."
  "Fine, I don't need you anyway!" she responded. 
 Phil walked out of her room and slammed 
 the door. "I'll find out what happened myself," 
 she muttered. Phil ran as fast as possible 
 to the wizard. He reached the wizard's 
 room and paused. With hesitation, he knocked. 
 "Enter," said a dark, low voice. "Your wizardness," 
Phil stammered, "your daughter is desperate and 
determined. I see the fiery determination in her eyes." 
Page 2                          5219
 "I feared this would happen one day," 
 said the Wizard. He turned around and 
 said, "You fear me, but not me only. 
 Some thing is bothering you. What is it?" 
 Phil said with a sigh," Amelia deserted me." 
 Phil burst into tears. The wizard replied, "
 How is that possible?" Phil, still crying, said, 
 " She is too determined to find the 
 truth." The wizard dreaded this but he 
 feared Amelia would turn to the dark side 
 without this. "Then we must tell her," said 
 the wizard. "Oh, and call me Phillip." he 
 added. Phil's jaw dropped. With a flick 
 of a wand, Phil froze. The wizard knocked 
 on Amelia's door. "Go away, Phil!" came her 
 voice. "It's not Phil," replied her father. 
 She allowed him and frozen Phil to 
 enter. Phillip sat on the bed and said, 
 "I hope you're ready." Amelia immediately 
 knew what he was talking about. An hour 
 later, Amelia said, "I had no idea." "Phil, I'm 
 so sorry. I didn't know we both lost 
 someone special." She hugged him and said, 
 "I'll never abandon you again." 
      The End  