                                  -5206
In the summer two friends were talking. 
 Bob the alien said, "It's so hot outside. I'm like 
 literally melting. Can we go inside?" Her friend 
 Zoe responded," I wanted to go get ice cream 
 inside anyway. Wanna come?" Inside the girls 
  got ice cream, but Bob was scooping the ice 
  cream while Zoe was in the bathroom 
 washing her hands. When she returned the 
 ice cream was already in the bowls. "Aaagh!" 
 screamed Zoe,"You put worms in my ice cream!" 
 "No, I didn't," replied Bob who was confused,"When 
  I was scooping the ice cream there were no 
  worms." "Whatever, but, by the way. I'm not 
  coming back to your house anymore. I've 
  got better things to do," Zoe angerily replied 
  before storming out the door. On the way 
  out, she drops the bowl, and worms 
  suddenly starts crawling out. "Weird, I only 
 was away for 5 seconds to put away the 
               the 
 ice cream and ^ scooper thing," said Bob. 
 For a week at a summer camp that they 
 had together, Zoe ignored Bob. After the 
 summer camp ended, Bob recieved texts from 
 Zoe, but it wasn't that pleasant. It was 
 angry, mean texts saying that Bob had no 
  more friends because Bob had gotten into 
                                           5206
                   because Zoe had told Bob
                      her password
 Zoe's social media^. "I didn't do that!" exclaimed 
Bob when she pieced the story together. 
When they all got back to school in the fall, 
Bob was iced out, but she went up to Zoe 
to say that she didn't hack into Zoe's 
accound, but Zoe only replied, "I'll believe you, but 
you need to find the person who did it, and tell 
them that I won't be mad." Zoe's friend 
Grace stood up and said," Zoe, no need to 
be mad at Bob, it was me who hacked 
into your account because I didn't want you 
to be hanging out with Bob so much, I 
wanted to hang out with you more. I'm 
really sorry. Oh! By the way, I overheard you 
telling your password to Bob." "Thanks for 
confessing, by the way," Zoe said, "But you 
should have just told me that! But okay! Thanks!"

   Zoe          Grace          Bob
   [illustration]