                                      - 5213
   I walk into the Crying Boy Tavern, my 
sword hung over my shoulder. "Here's your 
souvenir," I say as I put the claw of 
Supreme Warlord Slog-Dog, the kind of 
orcs, onto a table. "So the beast is dead," 
my buyer says. "Didn't stand a chance 
against the Sword of Souls," I answer. 
" I'll give you one more task, slay the 
treant that lurks in the bottom of 
the midnight's hole," my buyer tells 
me. "Whatever," I say back. He opens 
a portal and I walk through, in front 
of me lies one tree. I approach it 
and it comes to life. "Who dares to come 
into the midnight's hole?" the treant 
asks. "Let's make this quick," I say, 
"either you give me one of your branches 
or I take it with force." "Little hero, 
you have no chance against me," he says 
as he swings his mighty arm. "I'm guessing 
Heinzd'all sent you," the tree booms. "Who 
is Heinzd'all?" I ask. "Your buyer, 
he is a demon from the very depths of 
this hole." "Enough of this!" I shout. 
I launch myself off of a rock and 
frantically swing my sword. Surprisingly, 

he counters every blow. "That's not 
possible!" I howl. "Don't trust your 
buyer, or else he will betray you just 
as he betrayed many others!" the tree 
booms. "How did he betray them?!" I 
loudly ask. "He sent them here with 
the Sword of Souls, he knew the curse 
and knew the heroes would die," the beast 
continues, "look at the skeletons 
here!" "My buyer is a kind man, he 
works at orphanages and clears the 
land of horrible monsters!" I shout 
back. " Sadly you are incorrect, now it 
is time for you to meet the others!" 
he howls as he strikes. I roll to 
the side, but he is prepared. He grabs 
me and I go up. "Now you meet your 
end, little hero," he keeps talking, "The 
buyer's evil drive caused him to 
tell you you had a chance, but he was 
lying, he is trying to kill you!" "You 
are not correct!" I scream as I leap 
from his clutches and jab my sword 
deep into his wooden head. "You are the 
one to..." his voice getting softer, seeming 
as though every word is more challenging
                                        5213
than the last, "defeat me." As the 
now lifeless treant falls to the ground, 
I wonder about the argument we just 
had. The tree was ready, the skeletons 
were everywhere, but my buyer never gave 
me the Sword of Souls. What was 
the tree talking about? These thoughts 
still did not leave my head as I 
walked through the portal to get back 
to the Crying Boy Tavern. When my 
buyer, apparently named "Hei'nzd'all" saw 
me, he nearly jumped into orbit. "E-Eric, 
you survived!" he stuttered. "You sent 
me to my death!" I yelled a little 
too loud. "N-no, I-I-I kn-n-new y-y-you 
were to t-to the ch-ch-challenge," he 
sounded terrified. "I'm not letting you 
hurt anyone else," I said as I 
raised my sword. "N-n-n-noooooooo!" 
he shouted as I brought it down. 
"Keep the money, and I'll keep both 
my and your lives," I was done with 
monster hunting, my buyer was no more, 
and no one would be terrorized by 
the evil treant that lived in the 
bottom of the midnight's hole. 
