                                                5235  -
"5.. 4.. 3.. 2.. 1, ready or not here I come!" screamed Hanah. 
I was rushing for a place to hide. My eyes crossed the 
closet, I pushed open the door, "You snooze you lose!" snickered 
James. I saw the cabinet, I sprinted across the 
creaky wooden floors. "Find somewhere else!" 
whispered Jessica. This was my time, my place to 
shine, I raced into the basement. This was my 
chance to show my siblings that I could be 
just as great as them at hide and seek. I 
stepped in the basement, and closed my eyes. I was 
always afraid of the dark. I stepped into the 
doorway, and then from there, I fell into the 
darkness. 

   It felt like I would fall forever, there 
was a sudden thud as I fell to the ground. 
 It was pitch black, other then a speck of light. 
I ran and ran towards the speck of light. It 
was a door, a golden door. It was paved with 
jewels of all different colors. I opened it, and 
 I walked through, a whole new word appeared 
in front of my eyes. I looked back and the 
door faded. 

   A creature like thing whipped past me, "I'm 
late! I need to go!" it hollered. I looked ahead, 
                                   5235
 it seemed to be a gathering. A honk filled 
the air. Someone was blowing a horn. A tall 
woman rised into the air, her hair was pulled 
back tightly into a bun. I saw the creature again, 
it was a camel, with a neck of an ostrich, and 
 two ears of a fennec fox. I ran over to the 
 meeting, I hid behind a large rock. "Do you 
 love me?" The tall girl bellowed. The group 
screamed yes. It seemed as if the creature 
wasn't into it, the creatures didn't even say 
yes. "You," the women pointed to the creature, "guards, 
get him! He dares not to scream for me!" 
"No, no, I do love you, you are our belved 
queen!" He was pushed out of the gathering. 
 I rushed over to him,"Hi, my name is Caroline," 
 I whispered. "You, you are the only one who 
can save us from this cruel queen," he said. 
"Sorry, me?" I asked. "Yes, you. My name is 
Ben," he said. "You are the only one who can 
save us. You must take down our Queen Ethol. 
Your mother was the queen back in the day. She 
was the most prized possesion of our kingdom. 
She ruled with peace and love, until her sister 
was revealed the older of the two. Your aunt 
then became queen." Ben explained. "You knew 
my mother?" I asked. "Everyone knew your 
mother," he said. 
                                   5235
 "What must I do to save everyone. My 
mother always told me that violence wasn't 
the answer." I said. "You must make her feel 
ashamed, that's what she hates the most!" 
Ben exclaimed. "But I know nothing about her! 
 I don't know how to make her feel ashamed. I 
said. "Just think, she is your aunt after all," 
 said Ben. She is ashamed of something, "All 
 I know is that she was jealous of her sister." 
 I thought back to my childhood, a sudden 
 image popped into my head. It was of my 
 mother and the queen casting a spell. I ran 
over to the gathering, "You are ashamed of 
your sister!" the whole crowd gasped. 
 "You can't cast a spell, and my mother can!" 
 The queen chased after me. I screamed 
for the guards, "don't listen to her! Be free!" 
 I said. The guards grabbed the queen, 
 Ben thanked me. A golden door popped up 
 in front of me, I stepped in, waving good-
 bye to all of my subjects. I was back to 
 the staircase where it had all begun. 
 ⎾                  ⏋


 ⎿                  ⏌ 