                            - 5251
I couldn't stop thinking about what she said, 
 "I don't need you, I never did."  I can't, I... I 
just don't understand. I ... she was the only 
 person I trusted, I did everything for her, and what 
                                             All she's 
                                             ever
 she gave back was abandonment and betrayal. ^ done ^ 
                                                   is 
                                             neglect 
                                                  me
 Do you think she didn't mean it? She 
 is my mom, [] the best mom in the world, 
or so I thought. "Get down here, you filthy child." 
 she says. I come downstairs because I 
 thought dinner was ready but no, she cursed 
 and hurted me, I didn't tell anyone, but 
         it has been happening ever since, 
                       away, far away 
 I'm pla[]nning to run ^ run out of this living night-
 mare. I am packing and packing. Bam! The door 
 slams, I hide the suitcase, so if it is Mom, 
 She wouldn't see it. My Mom yells, "What are you 
doing?" I replied, "I am just finishing up some 
homework." my mom says, "Oh really, on your bed?" 
 "Uh,.... yeah, yeah." I say not sounding so sure. She 
  just rolls her eyes and slams the door. I finish up 
  pack as she left, I seriously was so scared. My plan, 
                                  exactly 
  though, is to escape tonight, at ^ 11:59, I hope Mom does 
not catch me. 
              A few hours later...
    Okay it's 11:58, 30, 29, 28, 27, 26.... I am creeping 
                         wooden 
   down my old, squeaky, ^ stairs hoping my mom ->
                                    -5251
be in deep enough sleep to not hear that 
high-pitched squeaks. I open the door and see 
                                           in the 
                                              driveway 
 my mom laughing on the phone near the car, ^
who could she be talking to[] this late in 
the night, I decided to go out the back door, 
hoping she didn't see me. I ran out the 
door, over the neighbors' fence when I realize, 
 Where will I go? Where will I stay? How will I get 
food? You know what? Who cares, I run to the 
nearest bus station and sneak in pretending the 
person in front of me is my dad, the bus driver 
does not 
