               page 1   -  5223
"Mom I'm going out with my friend 
 Star to walk and jog a while." "Is that 
okay," I shout. She awnsers yes. So 
I quickly go to get my running sneakers 
and walk to my neighbor Star's house. She 
is playing outside. I tell her why I'm here. 
We both go inside of her house. She asks 
her mom "Can I hang with Taylor for a 
while." Her mom awnsers, "Sure honey just 
be back by 7:00. Star and I both go 
out jogging about a mile and a half. We then 
just walk and talk for a while. I talk with 
her about School and her sports. She tells me 
that she has this huge gymnastics 
 competition coming up. It's called Nationals. 
She's a level 10 gymnast in USAG, so I 
expect her to do well on it. For about an 
hour we continue to walk and talk. I have 
a track competition coming up So this was 
a great time to practice. After we finish 
talking for a while we hear some 
music. It sounds catchy. I remember it. 
It's from the ice cream truck. It's a 
couple corners away. Luckily I have 10 dol[]s 
in my fanny pack. As we approch the 
truck there is a long line. We wait in till 
out turn. I order a snow cone and so does 
                        page 2  5223
Star. Mine is jolly rancher flavor though. 
Yum. This is so delectoble. I can feel 
the sweetness stretching across my 
throat. I make sure that I don't waste 
a drop. Star and I start to head 
back to both of our houses. As were 
jogging back we hear sirens. They get 
louder and louder. A this point were about 
a corner away from my house. Ambulances 
and firetrucks are going towards my 
house. all of a sudden my heat is trembling 
with fear. My palms are sweaty. There's 
a fire at my house. How would that be. 
So many thoughts are rushing through 
my head. The first thing I do is breathe. 
Second I spot Star's family. There waiting 
for her. I tell Star she can join them. I 
head to a firemen and say "Where's my 
family." He awnsers "There still in the house." 
I start sobbing. My face is like it was 
just drenched from rain. I know I have 
to save my mom and dog. I dash 
into my house.t scatter everywhere. Finally 
I find her. We are both covered in smoke 
and were coughing so hard. I bring her out 
of the house, I still remember ny dog 
cocoa. I tell my mom, "I need to go back 
            page 3            - 5223
                                []
into that house." Before she could stop 
me I dash into the house. I dash faster 
then any of my track competitions. 
I look everywhere. I still can't find 
cocoa. There I spot him. He's in the 
bathroom. I feel like I'm about to 
die. There's no way out now. I quickly 
run to my bedroom, and all I can 
spot is a window. Luckily theres a 
ladder. I step on it, but it just 
drops. I have an idea a throw dawn 
my super long blanket. My mom ties 
it to something that is super stray. 
I tie myself to the blanket and 
I slide down. I made it I'm out. 
The best part is I'm out alive 
and so was my family. I felt 
so good of what I did. I was 
super proud to be a hero. 

Taylor 
[illustration]