Page 1                                          - 5227
 Once upon a time, there was a beetle clan named the Artemites. The 
 Artemites lived in a big tree in a jungle. Now, there was a rival clan 
 named the Kaydites. The Kaydites lived in the tree next to it. Since 
 they lived in the same area, they fought often for the land. They 
would send armies and everything. In both of these respected clans []ero
two young beetles named Michael and Jean. They had been taught 
 to fight the other, but secretely sought peace. They both 
 were very skilled fighters and were in the army. One day, the 
 tow came across each other during an encounter. "You fight well," 
Jean said. "You as well," replied Michael. These boys deliberately tried 
as hard as they could to avoid killing off the enemy. As the 
encounter ended and they were leaving, they had som parting words. 
"You're like me. You seek peace, don't you?" said Michael. "I do," replied 
Jean, "Follow me, I know a pathway where we can talk more." 

When the boys headed down the path and into the hole, nobody 
saw them. "So, what is your name?" asked Michael. "Jean. And 
 you?" replied Jean. "Michael," responded Michael. "Look, I know this 
sounds crazy, but we must find peace," said Michael. "Are you insane?! 
 We cannot overthrow the clans." "We must. Are you really 
 ready to give up your dream?" "Fine," said Jean, "We'll give 
 it a try." 

 Over the course of a month they met in the same 
 place everyday. but one day, when their plan was ready, 
they waited for the next encounter. Their plan was 
                                                    5227
 to spread a scent that puts everyone in the area to sleep. 
 They release the scent they had been working on for months 
and... BOOM! The gas exploded. 

When all the beatles woke up, the boys went up to explain 
their idea. The commanders from their respective clans agreed. 
Peace was made! The boys were speechless. They saved their 
 clans! 

 The clans never fought again and the boys went on to 
 be lifetime friends. 
                   ⎾                                          ⏋








                   ⎿                                          ⏌ 