                                               -3209
One day, I was just walking to school like I do everyday. 
Normal, right? My best friend walked up to me and 
asked, "Did you do all of your homework?" like she 
does everyday. Also normal. I replied, "Yes, I did," like 
I do everyday. As I said, it was a normal day 
walking to school, at least for right now. When you 
go to the Smithson School, you never know what 
to expect. I wondered what might happen today. 
Like maybe aliens would invade the school, or 
maybe books would started out from 
the clouds above the school. Oh! Or maybe our 
principal will suddenly shrink. Or maybe... "Kelly! Kelly!" 
"Yes?" I replied. "Are you okay?" asked Kaylee, mu 
best friend's name. "I called your name five []
times and you didn't answer!" I said, "Yes 
I'm fine. I was just daydreaming about 
what might happen at school today." Kaylee 
made a sour face. Unlike me, she likes things 
ordinary. If you ask me, she should switch schools. 
But then I wouldn't have my best friend 
anymore. When we got to school, we said hi to 
the principal. Again, normal. But then, something 
out of the ordinary happened. We walked into 
school and there was a robot, yes, a robot 
blocking our way! Me and Kaylee huddle closey 
together, shivering. As other children walked into 

the school, the started to turn back. But 
then the door shut and someone locked it 
from outside. Oh my gosh! That was scary. We 
all wanted to run away, but suddenly, we 
were surronded by robots everywhere. They were 
scary. One of them said, "Put your hands 
up!" Another one held out a pair of handcuffs. 
They all shouted no, and started running out. 
All, except for my friend []aylee. She started 
talking to them real nicely. I didn't quite 
know what she was saying, but the robot 
nodded. He turned to the rest of the 
robots and said, "Let's get outta here. We 
were mean. These children don't deserve 
it." The children all cheered for her. One even 
made her a medal. When we walked out 
of school, Kaylee told me, "Today was a 
fun day." 
[illustration] 