5113

Dragons are real because I have one. His name is Larson, and he is trying to take over the world. Today, he 
is a full-grown diamond-back dragon, but way-back-when, he started as an egg with a height of 6 
inches, and a width of 5 inches. It started when I was 5 years old, wandering on my own in the trade 
market. A young woman ran up to me, a scared, and ashen look on her face. Through her black veil, she said 
"Keep this safe," and ran away. In my hand was Larson's egg. It was snaking, as if it was 
trembling with fear. So I took it home, and set it on the wooden floor of the room I shared with 
my four brothers. A silver snout had poked a hole in the egg, and part of a white eggshell 
had littered the floor. So I picked it up and hid the egg under the loose floorboard in the 
ground so that nobody could find it. I was a very sneeky child when I was little, and I 
still am. "Ruelind Pine! Get down here! We are going to start supper without you!" Shouted 
my mother in her hoarse voice. She had gotten ill after Gill, my youngest brother, had been 
            older
born, so my ^ brothers made supper. Most of the time, meals were dried fruit, and if we were 
lucky, meat my brothers hunted down. But I was starving from today's hard labor, so I 
didn't dare miss another one of the meals. After I had checked on the egg (which had 
                                                                stole
stopped shaking), I trudged down the stairs to eat the apple  he ^ from the 
orchard, and cheese from the market, when I came back up after praying to the nature 
gods, and hungrily devouring the food. What I saw was a mess of egg shells, a dragon 
and my oldest brother, Pan. That is how we formed an agreement to keep the dragon a 
secret, and accidentaly letting the dragon out years after by leaving the window open. 
Now we are back in the present, I am 12 years old, my brother is 18. We 
are running in the woods chasing after Larson who is happily breathing fire, taking 
down trees [] building. That is also how I set a trap and captured Larson 
(using food).