      Into the Woods            5242  -
 Jessie and Jamie were twins. They were 
 very strong and adventurous. Both were 20 years 
 old. They were trained by there Dad, a great 
 fighter, how to use guns and weapons and fight 
 like warriors. They were asked by a special 
 organization to deliver goods and supplies 
 to a large community that lived far away from 
 them. The only problem was that to get to the 
 people they had to go through a magical but evil 
  forest. The forest was filled with demons 
 and monsters. They would have to fight 
 there way through. Now every super good fighter 
 has a gun and weapon storage in their house. 
 Example John Wich. So they went to the 
 basement and geared up. They grabbed 
 shotguns, and knives. Assault Rifles and grenades. 
 They grabbed smg's and RPGS. They loaded 
  them all up in a big truck along with the 
  goods and supplies. They started driving. It 
  was a four hour drive so when they would 
  arrive it would be sunrise. The night was 
  long they had to take shifts for driving. When 
  finally arrived it was sunrise about 8:00 in the 
  morning. They planned to drive there way through 
  the forest and fight off the monster along the 
  way. 
                                        5242
  They started. They drove for close to 20 
  minutes when a large troll stepped right 
  in front of them. They knew that the would 
  have to pull out the shotguns. They grabbed 
  them and started blasting at it, but the troll 
  gave hard punches and one of the twins got 
  knocked out. It was Jamie. "Oh your dead 
  now," said Jessie. He pumped the troll right 
  in the head and the troll fell back causing an 
  earthquake. The troll was dead. Thankfully 
  Jamie woke up from the earthquake and they 
  hopped back in the car and were on there way. 
  There was a big hornets nest, but inside 
  was super large evil faires. Jamie took a 
  SMG and lit up the fairies. They suprisingly 
  all were dead. They moved on. They reached 
   the community entrance when all of a sudden 
   something landed on the top of there car. 
   It was a werewolf. The twins pulled out 
   there silver swords and both said "You're going 
   down." They threw the swords and they 
   went right through its heart the werewolf 
   was dead, and the people came and said 
  "Hooray." -