                                      - 5224 
"Hello sebastian," says Draco, a dragon. 
"Draco, you can't just follow me into the bathroom," 
says Sebastian. 
"Why not?" 
"I NEED MY PRIVECY!" yells Sebastion. 
"But why? I see you naked all the time," responds 
Draco. 
"WHAT! How?!" 
"I have seen all your baby pictures." 
"That's different. You need to stop following me around 
everywhere!" 
"But why. Human look at me weirdly unless I am with 
another human like you." 
"Just learn to deal with it. It was been two years 
that you have been my pet and you still have not 
been able to deal with it," says Sebastion while flushing 
 the toilet. "Okay, here is how we need to deal with 
  this. You must be by yourself for one week, mabey 
 go visit your mom. Then, you will be roaming around 
 in the human world for another week."
 "Okay," responded Draco. 

 The first two days of The Plan was weird 
for both. Draco had no one to play with, although 
 dragons were solitary creatu[]s, demestication did 
 something to Draco. Sebastian just lost his 
 best friend, so you can imagine how that was going. 
                            - 5224
                              []
[] From that third day onward sebastion started 
 feeling better. He had other friends that kept him 
company. 

Draco also started feeling beter,but more importantly, he 
got better at living without sebastion. The week past 
 and it was time for phase two of The Plan. Draco moved 
 back into the human world. The stairs did not 
  feel good. It made him want to go back, but 
  he trusted Ssebastion. After the first few days, Draco 
  startd ignoring the looks. Sure they kept coming but il 
  didn't affect Dracto. [] On the last day was 
  when Draco truely got to learn how to not [] always 
  want to follow Sebastion. What he learned is still unknown 
  to this day but it sure helped. Draco compleatly 
 stopped following Sebastion and there friendship was [] 
 [] fully [] restored. 

  Sebastion                   Draco
  [illustration] 